So, basically, 20+ years ago, when I was working for Otiton, I said on usenet (newsgroups) that someone should drop a bomb to croatian congress.
After that, my office pc got accessed, and they found all sorts of porn, because my friend Filip Fiala gave me a cd with his porn, which I then
copied to office pc, since I didn't have a PC of my own at home. Then I got a call from my bosses acaountant, and she told me to move phone line 1
cable to phone line 2 slot, because of some issue with the phone, which I obeyed. Then somehow my mind got accessed, and I was caused schizofrenia.
Who ever did that, made me rat on my best friend, Andrej Juričin's, dad, and he ended up in prison. Popović, nickname Pope, told me to visit some
webpage where I could add myself to something called AI assistance program for mentally challenged. It was a joke, and he told me to put who will
become Anonyoumous group leader details into that webpage, but I didn't know his dads name and rest required. After that, I got revenge from all 
involved, I steal money from office piggybank, which is very unlike me, and I end up not even returning it, which is even more not like myself.
I get diagnosed with schizoaffective personality disorder years bad, after I experienced something similar to hell in my own mind. My computers,
and I had like a dozen after that, got hacked. However, first time I remember someone putting a hanky on my nose was on Info 96, or 98, an IT
fair in Zagreb. My entire life collapsed after that, and turned into torture worse then you used see in tom and jerry cartoons, with me trying
to get my mind to balance, and sort my own life, with a huge debt, everyone against me, me not thinking straight, and somebody hypnoing me and
pulling my teeth out, breaking my knees, punching me, or sexually assualting me, which I remember none of. Yesterday, I had a dream I went from
my third floor to first floor via the help of a magic marble, but not knowing what I'm doing there, I got back home and went to piss, all in my
dream. In reality, I'm being accused of being a pedo, those marbles are similar to those dad bought and added to toilet seat, for it to activate
when we flush, so somebody wanted a turd like me go to first floor and do his pedo thing in my dream. They failed, because I'm not a pedo, however
that doesn't stop them from trying to prove it. Or follow me online and slander me in front of other people. I think they want me to end up in prison
becuase, sooner or later, they'll have to explain why they raped over 200 times, broke knees, pulled out majority of teeth, beaten up and made an 
innocent man schizo.
